Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-Focus/Pods-Focus-acknowledgements.markdown, before:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## ActionSheetPicker-3.0

Copyright (c) 2011, Tim Cinel (see AUTHORS)
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the <organization> nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


## Crashlytics

Fabric: Copyright 2015 Twitter, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Use of this software is subject to the terms and conditions of the Fabric Software and Services Agreement located at https://fabric.io/terms. Crashlytics Kit: Copyright 2015 Crashlytics, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Use of this software is subject to the terms and conditions of the Crashlytics Terms of Service located at http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/terms-of-service.pdf and the Crashlytics Privacy Policy located at http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf. OSS: http://get.fabric.io/terms/opensource.txt

## Fabric

Fabric: Copyright 2015 Twitter, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Use of this software is subject to the terms and conditions of the Fabric Software and Services Agreement located at https://fabric.io/terms.  OSS: http://get.fabric.io/terms/opensource.txt
Generated by CocoaPods - http://cocoapods.org

Commit message:

add current graph with mock data to dataviewcontroller

Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-Focus/Pods-Focus-acknowledgements.markdown, after:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## ActionSheetPicker-3.0

Copyright (c) 2011, Tim Cinel (see AUTHORS)
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
      documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of the <organization> nor the
      names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL <COPYRIGHT HOLDER> BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


## Crashlytics

Fabric: Copyright 2015 Twitter, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Use of this software is subject to the terms and conditions of the Fabric Software and Services Agreement located at https://fabric.io/terms. Crashlytics Kit: Copyright 2015 Crashlytics, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Use of this software is subject to the terms and conditions of the Crashlytics Terms of Service located at http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/terms-of-service.pdf and the Crashlytics Privacy Policy located at http://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf. OSS: http://get.fabric.io/terms/opensource.txt

## Fabric

Fabric: Copyright 2015 Twitter, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Use of this software is subject to the terms and conditions of the Fabric Software and Services Agreement located at https://fabric.io/terms. OSS: http://get.fabric.io/terms/opensource.txt

## JBChartView

Copyright 2013 Jawbone Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
Generated by CocoaPods - http://cocoapods.org
